nice all guys here to come 60
collapsed trees of the canal today we are
live need of the writing doctor
su pippa 15 in the last first episode
try all the ways to make a
miracle with the national team but not there
we managed
and today we're going to play the game of
quarter finals against chelsea
of course we'll make kids as possible
because I care so much about
champions league and then we'll go to
play the game against Rome in which
let us replace the sixtieth
because I don't want to miss the game
against chelsea
said this kid nvida version
immediately a good live to support al
maximum this series this game
very important and to follow me on
instagram the scholar I always say
guys but the social network we say in
which I am most active these days
so I needed to follow my name is giulio
having said that then we will meet in
field good evening to all
Well here we are guys we're at the stand
paolo to play the game of
champions league against chelsea e
start now
naples chelsea is as good as we can
go to the entrance for outstanding insignia
in werner the synth como my pole
some poor what mertens shot
it was time was the cud of the year
the passage becomes beautiful
because there is no one left
it is true a shot that went out and about
lineout almost half do not
had a show try anyway
guys naples is that i have a
bad memory with the chelsea of ​​this
remember guys let me know that
below in the comments of course me
I refer to the game of 100 sites of the
eighth finals when you are in the ship
eliminate the extra with the chelsea
after a really incredible game
then go
a bad memory we try to
take revenge mertens now as they are
remembered I am even more loaded than
first mertez is good for us does not know
take ok good and good job there
let's put in front left or make net e
the right guys I remembered the
measure 1 to 0
force always say that for boys
game we were able to win 3 to 1
at home it seems to me 3 to 1 at home and then
publish it we are losing 3 a
1 therefore between a public one creates a
extra spell and ivanovic where there
he did it all in any case
we must take revenge on this match 1 a
section inside everyone just like that
so come chino rebounds lesson
ramirez in section williams inside
still oscar of heel when we leave you
too much space, that is we have them do it
seven eight steps of the small age
watch them a passing casino in
small area we believe that after we do
goal west for the mertez is good
attention to the pretend we can go
so you have to go through two instead
speed people also a speed
left side out of weight no
I didn't explain why you put it
defense to the bitter end
no no no no we are not boys no no
I like the way she ended up living there
people as a unique match and with chelsea
much stronger than us
the draw is fine but it doesn't make sense
cuadrado inside that we hear from May
nine hundred space sweep away as if
we just have to defend not good not
okay ramires
damn if you lose your life and if you
you lose if you pay attention
soncino recovers not swept away
we must mark
we are very tired we can no longer
I ca n't do it any more than I have to
I'm running alone just ahead of that
I have to do I can't take it anymore
there is more of the bar and then it ends
ends here
one by one at home and now it's tough now it is
it lasts because we have to go and win there
or draw with two goals
at least two goals next game against
the Rome now that we have been inserted
in the starting lineup and therefore us
let's get this one into the field
ranking is put very very well
because the juve with one game less
I'm five so posting though is that
one game less so we are
really put it very very well
we'll see each other on the pitch against Rome
guys I remind you that the goal
of the main of this we say of
this league is above the
phone because I was born here and beat
the gilo lipstick record of turin
that in the season rho 28 29 1928 1999
scored well 36 goals
this is the record of goals scored in a
then the only championship series
I want to try to beat an example that
I'm 22 22 23 I don't remember
so let 's try to hawk kids because
we are missing a few games so we are there
we see the field
well here's the guys moving in for
we're on the pitch at the stadium
Olympic and now begins Rome in Naples
call yourself with a beautiful action
try to climb well endowed with genius
we can go attention is not low
stops us with the claim that they are de
santis guardoni Gabbiadini on the race
we'll see if we take care of it is
beautiful stop we can go mom
my defender a void
then the stoning of his first
we can go and take advantage of the movement
then we put it with de left de santis
has still exploited the movement of
what is coming is brought like that
man and then I tried to kick
corner
inside of head and with on the line though
what dance is always at random in the meantime
whistles foul but may yet so
we can pay attention to the feint
let's pass that football is confirmed
punishment
I can't believe I thought it was
My grandfather thus
kidding but you're just kidding
tooth war I don't know but they do
I asked for a replacement
now then just the ball come out
out
we will be replaced stand to do any
the last action
i work boy watch them
Seventy-seventh and I asked for the
change to the sixtieth with twenty minutes
I'm waiting for the ball to come out
as well or that stops the game
nothing bad goes inside the ball
out
finally I spoke we are replaced
no because i want to be replaced
guys but because I'm afraid we say between
quotes to lose the game maybe
most important of the year ie then between
which one against the chelsea you had to
I know that a party has to be done or not
here next game
I was hoping we're in the boys field
we hope we are in the field because
really not a fundamental game
I want to play it forcefully if we start
on the pitch he will be in the field
we are in the boys field in the next
video in the next video we will make the pad
the apartment of life
the match of life do not lose the
next episode so for this
come all guys i hope to see you
always on the state so vital a beautiful one
like register in the local always want
done follow me on the sick call the
I'm 60
we'll see you with another video